all right Lads today we're going to be
talking about how to get and use social
proof to sign more clients if you don't
know who I am Daniel Fazio currently
employing 26 people hanging around
anywhere in the range of a quarter
million dollars to 400 000 per month
across the portfolio of a bunch of
different companies software marketing
agency client extension right here where
we guarantee you add ten thousand
dollars per month in new business where
you don't pay that is specifically for
marketing agencies and B2B businesses
and the things that we are going to be
covering today are how to create case
study machines how not to use social
proof and how to get proof as a beginner
so
something that you need to understand
functionally is that your company will
grow in direct proportion to the amount
of quantifiable social proof you have
right and now here are examples of some
of my
so I got Channeler here three and a half
million after rejoined client extension
Dylan hit forty two thousand dollars per
month
in five months inside client extension
Colin hit a hundred thousand dollars per
month Sam fifty five thousand dollars
per month Dylan hit 40K a month Michael
is 80k a month Scott 33k a month Kyle 70
km all of these people are actually
monumentally higher than this now
because these are just dated like Sam's
at like 80 Dylan's more than that
Collins more than that
Scott's at like 49 000 a month or
something like David's at like 150 okay
a month so this is so this is dated but
what I'm trying to get you to understand
here is I just presented you a whole
bunch of these with a direct
quantification these people joined my
product and they hit this specific
Revenue number it is a direct
current state Gap and state you see what
I mean
they hit this thing by using me it is
case study and it it is case studies and
direct results like that that get people
to purchase from you right so we're
going to talk about the functions of
this and go and dive deeper into it but
the entire function of your company is
to become a case study machine right you
have to understand this the sole and
only reason to sign a client is to get
them results and turn it into a case
study the entire existence of your
business is to operate in this Perpetual
oscillation of signing clients turning
them into case studies to which such
case study will acquire you more clients
it looks like this client case study
client case study client case study
client case study if you sign a client
and don't get the results you wasted the
opportunity to produce a case study
which would otherwise result in more
clients that is the entire functional
system of your business particularly if
you're a marketing agency or a B2B
company which are exactly the kinds of
clients I work with at client Essentia
so imagine you have a choice between
only two things in your offer you can
either have a guarantee or you can have
proof ideally you want both but you
should pick the proof if you could only
do one because proof will drive more
sales because it's obvious it works
right so having quantifiable case
studies improves every single metric
right
response rates on cold emails call
booking grade call closing rate how much
money you can charge so we could sit
here and I can make videos independently
across how to increase your cold email
response rate how to increase your your
call booking rate on your cold emails
how to how to increase your call close
rate how to charge more money I can make
independent videos with oh with
individuals sectioned off advice for
each of those
but if I were to tell you what's one
thing that can improve all of them
simultaneously it's having proof
it's having proof in case studies that
you can actually deliver quantifiable
results to clients repeatedly tangible
results right so let's say you're
charging three thousand dollars
and you have a case study that says
somebody made forty two thousand dollars
when you drop the price of three
thousand dollars and you're on a call
and you say okay to someone okay it's
three thousand dollars
compared to what they were exposed to I
made this person forty two thousand that
three thousand is incredibly reasonable
it makes sense in relation to that right
so the person the person came into the
call with the context that is a
completely feasible outcome that they
too might also make forty two thousand
dollars so if we're talking about client
attention I got Dylan over here forty
two thousand
Chandler three and a half million
sam55k a month calling 100K a month
if if you drop a price like 3 000 a
month
that's that's completely reasonable
based off the context with which they've
been exposed to
right now let's say you made somebody a
million dollars and then you say it's 20
000. this again is completely reasonable
because of the context you see what I
mean so if you're charging twenty
thousand dollars though and your only
case study says you made somebody forty
two thousand you're gonna have a
difficult time closing the deal
or if you worked with a client and you
charged three thousand and your only
case study says you made them five
thousand three thousand dollars is
expensive but if you charge people three
thousand dollars and you repeatably
tangibly get people results in excess of
ten times that three thousand dollars is
a very reasonable price to charge right
you're able to charge money in direct
proportion to the depth of your case
studies
in depth of case studies is more
important than quantity of case studies
right so let's talk about how to not use
social proof because I see this all the
time
people they'll do things like I increase
this person's leads by 32 percent or I
reduce the lead cost 27 or the case
study says we loved working with him
you might as well not even get the case
study like the entire function of the
case studies is to show like a tangible
result
right and this this is not it does not
look like an end result this is not
showing an end result
did you make money or no
right the caveat here is that sometimes
direct monetary result is not always
what people actually want so like a for
instance of this is I used to run an
Instagram growth agency like five years
ago
and I originally made the promise with
was that people would make more money
from Instagram but it turned out based
off of research and actually speaking to
people they didn't care about making
more money from Instagram this specific
Niche it was Fitness coaches they did
not care about making more money from
Instagram they exclusively cared about
followers that was the only thing they
cared about so it's not always direct
money people want but most of the time
like if you're B2B or you're a marketing
agency almost 100 of the time is going
to be direct monetary results right so
every single thing you want a person to
do needs to include a reason as to why
they should do it right so if you're
titling your case studies with a big
bold their name above it nobody cares
right so they they don't care what the
person's name is the big giant title
should be an exact number of how much
money they made so like you've seen this
before you've been at somebody's website
maybe they have like testimonials and
there's like a headline
in the sub headline what they do with
the headline and big bold giant letters
they put the person's name in the sub
headline
it's like their company and then buried
in the small text is like the semblance
of a quantification or a tangible result
which is the complete opposite of what
you
tangible result to be a big bold
headline and then their name to be a sub
headline the the tangible result is more
important than the name this is so
obvious but I see this I see this
mistake all the time so here's an
example this is what it needs to look
like so this is like this is a
screenshot directly from my sales page
big bold right here how Chandler hit
three and a half million in sales inside
client Ascension house Sam built a 55
000 per month Tick Tock agency how Kyle
hit 70 000 per month I gotta update
these they literally these guys are like
almost two times harder Kyle's at like
140. Sam's Sam's like 80 or something
like that because that's because client
Ascension works so if you're a marketing
agency or B2B business and you want to
get results similar to that and you want
us to guarantee that you do in fact get
results like that you should go to the
description of this video or just below
it clientassension.com and you should
apply to work with us so next section
how do you get proof as a beginner you
will typically hear me say things like
it takes six to eight months to start
getting any traction in your business
right and the reason for this six to
eight months is solely 100
exclusively due to the time delay of
acquiring case studies because remember
the growth of your business is directly
proportional with how many tangible
results you have delivered for clients
how much evidence you have that your
thing does in fact work right
so your business and client Acquisitions
inclined acquisition will immediately an
indistinguishably start moving
extraordinarily faster at the exact
moment you produce your first good case
study like good
depth matters more than quantity right
so when you were a beginner
you need to take what you can get you
don't have the luxury of charging people
five to ten to ten thousand dollars and
putting them on six months contract when
you have no proof your thing works so
you're going to see this a lot on the
internet when you were marketed to by
other marketers they're going to say oh
you can be a growth partner and you can
charge clients five to ten thousand
dollars per month and take a REV share
and marketing agencies are dying you can
be a growth partner
a growth partner is an agency
but they just charge more money plus a
REV share but you can't charge more
money or a REV share if you don't have
proof that your works
so
this is It's like a spin on a unique
mechanism just trying to like
like trying to skip over the part were
like the the part where you ask somebody
to give you money
right who would join client Ascension if
there wasn't proof that it worked like
there's just proof
like there's so much proof you don't you
can't skip this part right so let's
let's say you sign a client for free
here's a huge mistake people will make
when signing a free client right they
will not share their intentions
and what do I mean by intentions the
only situation where you should sign a
free client as a beginner is if if you
have made this one abundantly 100 clear
and it is the fact that I am only doing
this for a case study you are agreeing
to share any and all metrics numbers and
sales as a result of our working
together there is no other function of
this relationship Beyond me producing a
case study you need to if you work with
somebody for free you need to make it
abundantly clear that is what you were
doing this for right this is the reason
ninety percent of businesses fail you're
going to see this a lot you people are
going to tell you ninety percent of
businesses fail and the reason ninety
percent of businesses fail is because
they don't exist long enough to produce
case studies social approval results and
all this will occur after month six
all of it
so after you have been making almost no
money for an extremely long period of
time building up competence actually
becoming the person capable of
delivering results is when you will make
all of the money so I'm my message to
you is to stop giving up on the thing
and start getting case studies and if
you're currently making over five
thousand dollars per month
in your marketing agency or B2B business
join client Ascension if you want us to
add you a minimum of ten thousand
dollars per month and new revenue or you
don't pay you will not pay you will
receive a 100 refund if you don't get
this absolute minimum amount of new
Revenue in your business working with us
we have an absurd amount of client
results tangible results at client
ascension.com after that opt-in put your
stuff in there and you will see
everything it works
go here subscribe like the video love
you